Added version-v3 to docs-java (#1044)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/features/connectivity/destinations.mdx

This is because upon authentication at the target system, a session cookie is returned, which is stored within the used `HttpClient` instance.
For subsequent calls, the service then expects authenticated clients to include their session cookie.

> By default, the SAP Cloud SDK uses the `RequestScopedHttpClientCache` to store `HttpClient` instances during a specific (incoming) request.

Reviewer: You changed the semantics. Please revert:
```suggestion
By default, the SAP Cloud SDK uses the `RequestScopedHttpClientCache` to store `HttpClient` instances for the duration of a specific (incoming) request.
```
